[ALICE]
How could this happen?
c0000001
First, they dared
to target our Mother.
c0000002
And now they're after Sisbell.
c0000003
[MILLAVAIR]
Commendable efforts, Alice.
c0000004
Hm?
c0000005
I thank you
for protecting young Sisbell.
c0000006
Hello, Mother.
c0000007
I...I am by your side
once again.
c0000008
So, I see.
c0000009
It is most reassuring
to have you back here
c0000010
where you belong.
c0000011
Now then...
where's Vichyssoise?
c0000012
[ALICE] Captured, they're
holding her in the dungeon.
c0000013
And there's more...
c0000014
I have some confidential intel.
c0000015
You mean that Vichyssoise
has transformed
c0000016
into a deformed monster?
c0000017
Yes.
c0000018
The House of Hydra must have
had prior knowledge of this.
c0000019
They cannot be trusted.
c0000020
Yet the Hydra have wholly
denied any involvement,
c0000021
and claim that
Vichyssoise acted alone.
c0000022
They're saying
the explosion was treachery,
c0000023
care of the House of Zoa.
c0000024
If only we had
concrete evidence.
c0000025
We can put all this nonsense
to rest once Sisbell returns.
c0000026
-When can we expect Schwartz...
-I assume you've had an
c0000027
-audience with Schwartz..
-...to return to the palace?
c0000028
-Right, Mother?
-Soon, yes?
c0000029
[gasps]
c0000030
What happened?
He hasn't returned?
c0000031
According to Sisbell, he should
have been here by now.
c0000032
You're sure?
He's not here?
c0000033
♪
c0000034
Greetings, Majesty.
c0000035
Oh, and Alice, as well.
c0000036
[chuckles]
I looked everywhere for you.
c0000037
You should stay safe
in your chamber.
c0000038
[devious chuckle]
c0000039
Did Sisbell's servant
pay you a little visit?
c0000040
[gasps]
c0000041
How dare you?
c0000042
[MILLAVAIR]
Enough games.
c0000043
Do you know
Schwartz's whereabouts?
c0000044
Not I.
c0000045
Although, I suggest
you go and retrieve
c0000046
our sweet little Sisbell
while you still can.
c0000047
-[gasps]
-Understood.
c0000048
And who should
we entrust with this?
c0000049
[giggles]
c0000050
Why, you're staring
right at her!
c0000051
I'd be honored.
c0000052
To go to the rescue
of my darling sister.
c0000053
Please?
c0000054
[whimpering]
c0000055
Pretty sure
it's from the stress.
c0000056
[MISMIS]
We thought we were safe
c0000057
after defeating Vichyssoise.
c0000058
But then, before we knew it.
c0000059
We received word
that poor Mr. Schwartz
c0000060
had gone missing.
c0000061
[JHIN] The old geezer
was supposed to confer
c0000062
with the Queen,
c0000063
not to mention provide us
with a safe route.
c0000064
Seems that plan
has been thwarted.
c0000065
We're back to square one.
c0000066
[door opens]
c0000067
[whimpering]
c0000068
Huh?
No, Sisbell!
c0000069
You must get some rest!
c0000070
[sighs]
This is no time to sleep.
c0000071
I'm wide awake...
c0000072
[grunts]
c0000073
I-I cannot believe
they went after Schwartz.
c0000074
It is just despicable.
c0000075
[whimpering]
c0000076
♪
c0000077
[SISBELL]
I must return to the palace.
c0000078
There's no time to waste.
c0000079
You can't!
c0000080
You're still sick with a fever!
c0000081
I must find out who's
responsible for all of this.
c0000082
[ISKA]
I understand your motivation.
c0000083
But, please...
c0000084
I'm asking you to trust us.
c0000085
I swear,
we'll take you home soon.
c0000086
We're close, right?
c0000087
Very close.
c0000088
[ISKA]
There you go.
c0000089
For now,
please tend to your health.
c0000090
You haven't eaten once
since yesterday.
c0000091
We'll go
once you're strong again,
c0000092
and eating like normal.
c0000093
I'm grateful for your concern.
c0000094
[sighs]
I shall have a bite.
c0000095
What sounds appetizing?
c0000096
A warm meal that's easy to eat,
and gentle on a weakened body.
c0000097
Easy to digest,
but full of nutrients.
c0000098
Simple yet rich,
and most flavorful.
c0000099
I suppose
I could manage something
c0000100
fitting that description.
c0000101
That's a very tall order!
c0000102
[awkward laugh]
c0000103
Hmm.
c0000104
[RIN] This one
is from a full year ago.
c0000105
And I snapped
this one just now.
c0000106
How?
c0000107
How haven't I grown
a single inch?
c0000108
Never mind Lady Alice,
if growth keeps to this rate,
c0000109
even Lady Sisbell
is on track to outpace me!
c0000110
Why must I suffer so?
c0000111
[groaning]
c0000112
[paper crinkling]
c0000113
No.
c0000114
I can't do such an
embarrassing exercise, right?
c0000115
I must. Hmph!
c0000116
In pursuit of my dearest wish!
c0000117
[phone ringing]
c0000118
[gasps]
c0000119
Yes, Lady Alice?
c0000120
[ISKA]
Rin?
c0000121
[sighs]
Just the Imperial swordsman.
c0000122
You went from hot
to cold in a split second.
c0000123
[RIN] What do you want?
c0000124
I'm doing something important.
c0000125
[ISKA]
Is that so?
c0000126
Don't forget,
you told me to check in.
c0000127
What gives?
Are you on assignment?
c0000128
That's one way to put it, sure.
c0000129
[RIN] I'm on a mission.
c0000130
And I fear failure is not
an option for this one.
c0000131
[milk trickling]
c0000132
♪
c0000133
[ISKA] I can
hear her mixing something.
c0000134
Rin, what chemicals
are you mixing?
c0000135
[RIN]
That's for me to know.
c0000136
This is a secret concoction
that no one can find out about
c0000137
on pain of death.
c0000138
When I'm done, mine will be
as devastating as Lady Alice's
c0000139
and cause everyone in the world
c0000140
to tremble before me!
c0000141
Devastating?
c0000142
Is it a bomb?
c0000143
[RIN]
I should achieve my goal
c0000144
in as soon as 30 days.
c0000145
You must be bluffing!
c0000146
[RIN] Not just one!
I'm talking both of them!
c0000147
Wait, Rin!
Please listen to reason!
c0000148
That kind of power's
too dangerous!
c0000149
You think I don't
know that already?
c0000150
[RIN]
But I wanna be huge.
c0000151
I wanna be like Lady Alice.
c0000152
[ISKA] Huge?
I suppose she means "great."
c0000153
I understand.
c0000154
Alice is truly
something special.
c0000155
[RIN]
I know, right?
c0000156
As a perfect servant,
I must follow her lead.
c0000157
I have no other choice
in the matter.
c0000158
That's not true.
c0000159
Here's why.
c0000160
[ISKA] Alice values you
just the way you are.
c0000161
[gasping breath]
c0000162
[ALICE] Rin, I have
a special gift for you!
c0000163
See?
It fits you perfectly!
c0000164
[RIN] Lady Alice!
c0000165
I'll pass this on
as a family heirloom!
c0000166
It doesn't matter!
c0000167
I've gone too far
to turn back now!
c0000168
Don't be hasty! Rin!
c0000169
[thudding]
c0000170
[grunting]
c0000171
I've come to save you
from yourself, um...
c0000172
[breathing heavily]
c0000173
-Ah?
-Huh?
c0000174
You...you...
You stupid swordsman.
c0000175
How could you?
c0000176
I don't see anything
devastating, so...
c0000177
What's this all about?
c0000178
[whimpering]
c0000179
Get out of here!
c0000180
[cutlery clanking]
c0000181
Rin sure can be
weird sometimes.
c0000182
Hey, Sisbell,
your food's ready.
c0000183
[sighs]
c0000184
[footsteps]
c0000185
Feel strong enough to walk?
c0000186
Of course. I feel so much
better than I did before.
c0000187
[gasps]
c0000188
[grunting]
c0000189
The agony!
c0000190
What's wrong?
c0000191
You must carry me
to the living room.
c0000192
Hm, I've got you.
c0000193
♪
c0000194
[gasps]
c0000195
Oh, dear,
is something the matter?
c0000196
[ISKA]
No, it's nothing.
c0000197
[SISBELL] Mine have
grown larger than Rin's.
c0000198
You must have noticed it.
c0000199
Sounds like you're
doing better now.
c0000200
[coughing]
c0000201
My throat's on fire!
c0000202
♪
c0000203
What gives?
c0000204
Guess they're all
on guard duty.
c0000205
[sighs]
c0000206
♪
c0000207
Here, eat up.
c0000208
[grunting]
c0000209
My feeble hands shake
too much to hold a spoon!
c0000210
Looks like
you'll have to feed me.
c0000211
Your hands were fine
just a moment ago.
c0000212
Feed me, now!
c0000213
Um, if you truly insist.
c0000214
♪
c0000215
[munching]
c0000216
Hmm.
c0000217
[SISBELL] Now,
it's time to return the favor.
c0000218
Iska, open real wide for me!
c0000219
I thought you were
too sickly to hold a spoon.
c0000220
Hurry up or the tasty soup
will get cold.
c0000221
Ah?
c0000222
Say, "ahhh!"
Say, "ahh!"
c0000223
♪
c0000224
That is enough!
c0000225
Are you trying to get us
both killed or something?
c0000226
-Huh?
-Never mind.
c0000227
Just finish your food already.
"Ahh!"
c0000228
Stars of fate, reveal the
past I am destined to see.
c0000229
[gasps]
It's not real this time, right?
c0000230
This puts the Imperial
holograms to shame.
c0000231
Astral spirit of illumination.
c0000232
[SISBELL]
It allows me to witness events
c0000233
from the past like so.
c0000234
However, it can only
reach a limited distance.
c0000235
Then, if we're to uncover
who's behind the explosion,
c0000236
it seems our only option is
to get you back to the palace.
c0000237
Right.
c0000238
They must have sent Vichyssoise
c0000239
because they were
afraid of just that.
c0000240
After all, she is from
the House of Hydra.
c0000241
Talisman heads that family.
c0000242
You mean it's possible Hydra
is running the show, now?
c0000243
Yes.
c0000244
[SISBELL]
Remember that as we journey
c0000245
to the Central Province.
c0000246
♪
c0000247
Don't let your guard down
around them.
c0000248
[ELLETEAR]
You sure know how to break
c0000249
a girl's heart, Mother.
c0000250
Ordering me to stay
trapped inside like this.
c0000251
I wanted to go get Sisbell.
c0000252
A good thing I'm such
a naughty girl at heart.
c0000253
I get all tingly
when I break an order.
c0000254
Especially when
it's one of yours.
c0000255
[MILLAVAIR]
Say, Alice.
c0000256
I'm well aware that
I told you it was reassuring
c0000257
to have you back home.
c0000258
Even so,
I did not mean to imply
c0000259
you should spend
the night with me.
c0000260
I insist, though.
c0000261
If the killer dares
come after you again,
c0000262
I'll be right here
to protect you.
c0000263
I am most grateful
for your concern.
c0000264
You are so dependable
for your age.
c0000265
Far more than I was.
c0000266
No, that can't be true.
c0000267
[footsteps]
c0000268
[ALICE]
Is that...
c0000269
It's difficult to believe
we were ever that close.
c0000270
Huh?
c0000271
When's this from?
c0000272
That was back from
when I was a member
c0000273
of the astral power forces.
c0000274
[ALICE] I've never seen
a photo of you that young.
c0000275
Your princess days.
c0000276
♪
c0000277
Is that Salinger?
c0000278
With you?
c0000279
[MILLAVAIR]
The two of us were rivals.
c0000280
The boy I once knew is gone.
c0000281
Replaced by a villain.
c0000282
[ALICE] Can time really
change someone that much?
c0000283
Salinger specialized
in stealing astral spirits.
c0000284
He always wanted to take mine,
c0000285
and I had to battle
most fiercely to prevent him.
c0000286
Over and over again.
c0000287
[ALICE] I don't get it.
c0000288
What stopped you
from arresting him?
c0000289
I suppose it felt like a waste.
c0000290
I just couldn't bring myself
to turn him in.
c0000291
What's that mean?
c0000292
I wanted someone
I could go all out against.
c0000293
Huh?!
c0000294
[MILLAVAIR]
He stood his ground, even when
c0000295
I fought with everything I had.
c0000296
He was the strongest and rudest
person I have ever known.
c0000297
A true challenger,
and worthy rival.
c0000298
[ALICE]
We're the same, Mother.
c0000299
I feel the same way.
I want that, too.
c0000300
[MILLAVAIR]
It was a grievous mistake.
c0000301
-Ah?
-In time,
c0000302
his thirst for power
swallowed him whole.
c0000303
[MILLAVAIR] He attacked
the late queen to surpass her.
c0000304
I was the one who
apprehended him.
c0000305
We shared a dream
of mastering the astral arts.
c0000306
Our bond somehow
transcended the reality
c0000307
of our positions in life.
c0000308
It was forged
in the flames of battle.
c0000309
However...in the end...
c0000310
Enough.
c0000311
That's quite enough.
c0000312
Uh, tell me,
did he say anything?
c0000313
When you saw him
at Alcatroz, I mean.
c0000314
Huh?
Um, well...
c0000315
[phone ringing]
c0000316
[RIN]
I apologize for the late call.
c0000317
Lady Sisbell has left
on the night train
c0000318
headed to the Central Province.
c0000319
The train will arrive at its
destination tomorrow morning.
c0000320
[MILLAVAIR]
Rin, thank you for the report.
c0000321
I will send Warvick.
c0000322
And Kisasage as well.
c0000323
They will meet you at Gate 4.
c0000324
[RIN]
Understood.
c0000325
Sisbell will be with us soon.
c0000326
We will finally be able
to put this case to rest.
c0000327
[ALICE]
I wonder...
c0000328
Is it that simple?
c0000329
[train horn blowing]
c0000330
[sighing]
c0000331
Car four is clear, no problem.
c0000332
Car two's also good.
c0000333
Your turn, Jhin.
c0000334
All clear in car one.
c0000335
-Over there.
-[GROUP] Huh?
c0000336
It's the Central Province.
c0000337
[SISBELL]
And look, that shining light.
c0000338
It's the palace.
c0000339
[train chugging]
c0000340
[MISMIS] So this
is the Central Province.
c0000341
Seems we finally made it.
c0000342
The Queen's bodyguards
should be here at the station.
c0000343
That ends the mission.
c0000344
It's over once you're safely
back in their care.
c0000345
Correct?
c0000346
Yes.
c0000347
Now, it's my turn.
c0000348
[SISBELL]
To come through on a promise.
c0000349
The sticker
to hide astral crests.
c0000350
[gasps]
c0000351
♪
c0000352
Thank you.
But our escort isn't over yet.
c0000353
There are some people
who change their tune
c0000354
the moment they get
what they want.
c0000355
As for the folks I'm sitting
with right now, not a chance.
c0000356
I release you.
c0000357
This is my battle to fight.
c0000358
[MALE TRAIN ANNOUNCER 204A]
Attention.
c0000359
We will soon arrive at the
Saclaris Nebulica terminal.
c0000360
♪
c0000361
[MISMIS]
It's such a big station,
c0000362
but there's hardly anyone here.
c0000363
Is it because it's early?
c0000364
[JHIN]
It's too quiet.
c0000365
I don't like it.
c0000366
[SISBELL]
Follow me.
c0000367
They're waiting
for us at Gate 4.
c0000368
It's just a little
further that way.
c0000369
Over there.
c0000370
[gasps]
c0000371
I'm so sorry,
c0000372
-I didn't see you.
-[ELLETEAR] Oh, my.
c0000373
You should really watch
where you're going, Sisbell.
c0000374
[all gasps]
c0000375
Wow, that lady is super pretty.
c0000376
No kidding, who is she?
c0000377
Is that you?
c0000378
My sister.
c0000379
-[all gasping]
-[ISKA] What happened?
c0000380
[ELLETEAR]
Welcome home, my sweet Sisbell.
c0000381
I was ever so worried.
c0000382
I'm confused.
c0000383
We expected
the Queen's bodyguards.
c0000384
Why did we find you instead?
c0000385
Darling. Precious.
c0000386
Can you really blame me
for fretting over you?
c0000387
That's what sisters are for,
after all.
c0000388
[ELLETEAR]
My name is Elletear.
c0000389
I'm Sisbell's older sister.
c0000390
Welcome to our proud nation.
c0000391
I am told you lot
are brave mercenaries
c0000392
from the independent
nation of Alsamira.
c0000393
That's correct,
we were contracted there.
c0000394
Really?
c0000395
Silly me, here I thought
you might be
c0000396
the former Saint Disciple,
Iska, and his notorious allies.
c0000397
[all gasping]
c0000398
Stop it, sister!
c0000399
I promise, you're mistaken.
c0000400
I can vouch for them.
c0000401
If this comes out, 'twill break
Her Majesty's heart.
c0000402
I never would have thought
you'd betray us
c0000403
to the Imperial army.
c0000404
[gasps]
No, you've got it all wrong!
c0000405
A band of traitors.
c0000406
Imperials gallivanting
with an evil witch.
c0000407
[ELLETEAR]
You'd be in deep trouble
c0000408
if the Imperial army found out.
c0000409
[all sighing]
c0000410
♪
c0000411
[whispering]
I'm calling the shots now.
c0000412
Your bodyguards are mine.
c0000413
This'll be fun.
c0000414
[whimpering]
c0000415
What exactly do you want?
c0000416
I wish to thank you
for saving my little sister.
c0000417
I've got it.
The Lou vacation house.
c0000418
A chance to unwind, my treat.
c0000419
You intend to keep us
as your prisoners.
c0000420
That way you can watch
our every move.
c0000421
Just a bit.
We've questions, you see.
c0000422
But if we like your answers,
you'll all get to go back home.
c0000423
That's not a problem, is it?
Dear sister?
c0000424
[gasps]
c0000425
[SISBELL]
Um, it's just...
c0000426
I know!
c0000427
You should come
to the house with your friends.
c0000428
[gasps]
c0000429
I can't!
c0000430
I must return
to the palace at once.
c0000431
[chuckles]
I think not.
c0000432
[SISBELL]
No, please Elletear.
c0000433
Stop this.
c0000434
I insist that we all go
to the vacation house together.
c0000435
It will be so special,
don't you think?
c0000436
I simply cannot wait.
c0000437
Imperial soldiers
at the Lou vacation house?
c0000438
I don't like it.
c0000439
Lady Elletear can't be trusted.
c0000440
[panting]
c0000441
Mother,
Elletear has taken Sisbell!
c0000442
There's no time.
c0000443
Alice, go to the
vacation house.
c0000444
You must protect Sisbell,
c0000445
and bring her back
to the palace.
c0000446
I had forbade her,
but it is my fear
c0000447
Elletear cannot be tamed.
c0000448
Understood.
c0000449
This is bad, even for her.
c0000450
You should also find
the four guards Sisbell hired.
c0000451
Be sure to treat them
with utmost respect.
c0000452
Their group
is from another nation.
c0000453
Is that clear?
c0000454
I shall treat them
with kindness and dignity.
c0000455
-Oh, no!
-Ah? What's wrong?
c0000456
[ALICE]
Iska.
c0000457
This means he'll be at the
Lou vacation house as well.
c0000458
If he rummages around
my room, what could happen?
c0000459
♪
c0000460
I hid a pair of top-secret
underwear in my closet there
c0000461
that I bought on a crazy whim!
c0000462
[SISBELL]
This... It's amazing!
c0000463
It's so very stretchy for
such a tiny piece of fabric.
c0000464
And it's quite soft.
c0000465
I have never seen such a thing!
c0000466
Alice wears sexy underwear?
c0000467
I can't believe
I'm just now finding out
c0000468
about my sister's dirty secret!
c0000469
Iska, what do you think?
c0000470
Aah?
c0000471
It's most shameful.
c0000472
I thought Alice was more
demure than this.
c0000473
-[chuckles]
-That's it.
c0000474
I was tricked
into being attracted
c0000475
to your innocence and purity.
c0000476
You liar, you fooled me!
c0000477
I never dreamed you'd be
caught dead on the battlefield
c0000478
wearing such inappropriately
racy underwear!
c0000479
[ALICE]
It's not true!
c0000480
I wear boring undergarments
on the battlefield!
c0000481
Ah, this is quite
serious, Mother.
c0000482
I won't let Elletear's
plan succeed.
c0000483
I swear I will stop her
at all costs.
c0000484
I am counting on you.
c0000485
I cannot shake
this sense of dread.
c0000486
Elletear is hiding something.
c0000487
Right! I swear to protect
my closet's secrets!
c0000488
Huh?
c0000489
Nothing, I said nothing!
c0000490
I must be off.
c0000491
♪
c0000492
[MILLAVAIR]
Alice, one more thing.
c0000493
Yes, Mother?
c0000494
[MILLAVAIR]
By this time next year,
c0000495
you shall sit upon this throne,
c0000496
and take my place
as the queen of this hall.
c0000497
Huh?
c0000498
[MALE GREAT APOSTLE 1A]
Take heed.
c0000499
The Sovereignty is in chaos
from the assassination attempt.
c0000500
The Queen narrowly survived.
c0000501
[FEMALE GREAT APOSTLE 1A] Your
mission is to take advantage
c0000502
of this fragile time
and ambush the Nebulis Palace.
c0000503
My, this is splendid!
c0000504
To join an astral power trial,
c0000505
I must truly be
a lucky individual!
c0000506
Huh?
Where's Director Magnacasa?
c0000507
He's the operational commander
back at the Empire.
c0000508
And you're raising your voice
way too much.
c0000509
Please try to keep it down.
c0000510
My sincere apology!
c0000511
[NEWTON]
Let's see.
c0000512
Ah, yes, Mei and Nameless
c0000513
should already be in the
Central Province by now.
c0000514
[FEMALE GREAT APOSTLE 11A]
The royal palace consists
c0000515
of four areas.
c0000516
The Queen's palace, with Lou,
Zoa, and Hydra
c0000517
forming a perimeter around it.
c0000518
[MALE GREAT APOSTLE 1C]
You will get into position
c0000519
without delay once you arrive
at the Central Province.
c0000520
♪
c0000521
[NAMELESS]
Our main target is the Queen,
c0000522
but we'll likely engage
other purebloods along the way.
c0000523
[MEI] We'll hunt down
every last one of them.
c0000524
It's been way too long
since we last worked together!
c0000525
Right, Nameless?
c0000526
♪
c0000527
What's more fun
than a big ol' witch hunt?
c0000528
♪
c0000529
[NAMELESS] Our Class A
target is the Queen.
c0000530
Class B is Zoa's family head,
Growley.
c0000531
Class C is Kissing Zoa,
c0000532
and Ice Calamity
Witch Aliceliese.
c0000533
Whaddya know?
c0000534
Only the House of Hydra
is off-limits this go round.
c0000535
[laughs]
c0000536
It's crystal clear
who's connected
c0000537
to the Eight Great Apostles.
c0000538
Oh, we're here.
c0000539
[MEI]
The Nebulis Palace.
c0000540
Their fancy
impregnable fortress,
c0000541
and absolute line of defense.
c0000542
Now we get to decide
how we want to make it crumble.
c0000543
[MALE GREAT APOSTLE 1A]
Show us the real power
c0000544
of the Saint Disciples.
c0000545
Capture the Queen,
and end this war
c0000546
with a triumphant victory
for the Empire!
c0000547
[RISYA]
All units have successfully
c0000548
crossed the border.
c0000549
They will arrive by tomorrow.
c0000550
Hm?
Um, Johaim.
c0000551
You seem oddly comfortable
in the Sovereignty's clothing.
c0000552
Think so?
c0000553
You realize we're going
after the Queen herself.
c0000554
Now is the time
to exercise caution.
c0000555
There are some rumors
going around...
c0000556
that the Ice Calamity Witch
is stationed at her side.
c0000557
-She's not.
-Huh?
c0000558
The witch is leaving
the palace even now.
c0000559
And you know what that means.
c0000560
The Queen is on her own.